Add "retrieving returns delivery report email from sap" example (#15)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery: examples/README.md

# Examples

The S/4 HANA Delivery and Transporation Ballerina connectors provide practical examples illustrating usage in various
scenarios. Explore
these [examples](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/tree/main/examples), covering

> use cases like accessing S/4HANA Customer Returns Delivery API and S/4HANA Inbound Delivery API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use cases like integrating paper delivery note system with S/4HANA and generating weekly reports from S/4HANA system. 
```

Author: Updated in [Add reviewed changes and documentation](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/pull/15/commits/918d0df8497a939d2833b9ed1b4509b83f1f89c0)

> 1. [S/4HANA to Gmail Intergration](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/tree/main/examples/returns-from-sap) -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Weekly Report Generation](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/tree/main/examples/returns-from-sap) -
```

Author: Updated in [Add reviewed changes and documentation](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/pull/15/commits/918d0df8497a939d2833b9ed1b4509b83f1f89c0)
